9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with
Annabelle Jewelers. Our top stories, and
we're counting down, of course, to open
markets in China this morning. But,
treasuries are rising across the curve
as trading resumes with private sector
jobs data boosting bets on a Fed rate
cut. SoftBank in focus after selling its
entire [music] Nvidia stake for almost
$6 billion to bankroll AI investments.
Its shares taking a dive in Tokyo
[music] after earnings. Also ahead,
Chinese retailer is reporting strong
numbers during this year's Singles Day
shopping festival. jd.com says sales
jumped to a record. And deadly
explosions [music] in the capitals of
India and Pakistan raising concern of
renewed tensions between the
nuclear-armed neighbors.
All righty, taking a look at the market
action this Wednesday morning. And you
can see really quite a lot of positivity
across the screen. There's different
themes that are playing into this. But,
I do want to stick start here with one
of the most important we're going to be
watching today, and that is SoftBank. As
you just saw there, those shares that
are very much under pressure in the
first hour of trading. It's been an
interesting move because you have seen
that huge run-up in SoftBank over 2025.
You're looking at around 150% of gains
overnight. Yesterday, we had very strong
profits for the second fiscal quarter.
We also saw SoftBank offloading its
entire Nvidia stake to try and finance
its AI investments as well. So, today in
the session, I mean, really not tracking
what we saw for ADRs because it was a
jump of around 7%, but under pressure
and maybe just a little bit of profit
taking as well. So, tech generally is
going to be another key theme cuz you've
got the likes of
after the bell today. But again, fairly
steady as we await that. And tech
generally is a bit under pressure. Asian
equities, though, aren't moving to the
upside. And this is really that theme we
had on Wall Street overnight. The US
government shutdown. Maybe we are
finally nearing an end on that. And And
traders are very much clinging to that
optimism. So, you saw that as again
playing into the session. The other
dynamic as well was some private sector
jobs data in the US that showed a
cooling US jobs market. And so, there's
that expectation. Yes, that case is
building. The Fed can continue its
easing. So, you're seeing treasury
yields, for instance, that are moving a
little bit lower across the curve this
morning. And that is also playing out
what you see across the entities and
Japan. Gold there looking fairly steady
so far.
That's the broader theme that we're
tracking today. Let's take a look as
well what's happening in the China space
because e-commerce is going to be one of
the big sectors to focus. Consumer data
or consumer sales data yesterday was the
the watch. But overnight, we had jd.com,
for instance, reporting very strong
Singles Day's orders. We don't know the
exact quantity or or the numerical
value, but they're saying they more than
doubled in some markets like Japan,
Australia, Singapore, South Korea as
well. So, that ADR you can see here
listing rising in the session. A bit of
pressure on those e-commerce peers like
Alibaba, Meituan as well, and Xiaomi
another name because they did as well
report their sales around 30 billion yen
was their number. But also, let's take a
look because we're heading into that
China session today.
E-commerce, as I said, going to be one
of the key watches. You did yesterday
see a bit of a drop in the CSI 300 into
the close. And that was because the
spectre of
a further controls around rare earths
came back onto the agenda again. That
trade truce, maybe Yvonne, it is it's
looking pretty fragile. Yeah, we always
knew this kind of after South Korea. But
certainly, you're seeing that, right?
The enforcement side of things is what
the market is really kind of focusing on
a little bit more here today as well. In
terms of what to watch in the in your
agenda here today in greater China. So,
Singles Day sales, as we mentioned about
whether that does actually help in terms
of some of the consumer names as well.
Earnings, earnings, earnings. So, the
likes of Samsonite, SJM, Tencent Music
are reporting their results as well. We
are still in that window for credit data
as well as we count down to that data
dump at the end of the week. Uh there
has been some development when it comes
to New World as well. So, we'll talk a
little bit more about how these sort of
negotiations are have sort of stalled in
some ways here. So, we'll certainly
bring that up in terms of the financing
and what the development is at this
moment. And that one-year bond sale
coming through uh for Hong Kong here
today.
All right. Well, let's get more on on
what's some of the key topics today
because we've got Paul Dobson,
Bloomberg's executive editor for Asia
markets, joining us from Singapore. So,
Paul, you're tracking a lot of different
things this morning. But, I think
treasuries is is one of the standout
following that jobs data or those
private sector readings we got.
Yeah. So, um in the in in the absence of
more official data, this is all we've
kind of got to go on at the moment in
terms of what is the US economy looking
like at the moment. I remember the big
trade-off that the Federal Reserve is
grappling with at the moment is how
rapidly the jobs picture is
deteriorating relative to how sticky is
inflation. And which of those concerns
is going to be more important will
determine whether they cut again in
December. Um the labor market data that
we're seeing is not looking very
promising at the moment. Uh getting more
of the bad stuff coming through. So, the
ADP numbers that we got, for example,
showing weakness. And that's encouraging
people to bet
that the Fed will need to cut again in
December. And so, we're seeing that leg
lower in bond yields again today. Uh
it's going to be exciting over the next
uh 6 weeks or so because we're going to
um have the reopening most likely of the
US government. And we'll start to get
some data coming through starting with
stuff that's quite ancient now. You
know, September jobs data, official
numbers, stuff like that. Some of the
data that we get might or or we might
not see at all because they haven't been
able to
um you know, tot it all up. But what we
do have to go on at the moment is
suggesting that the economy is cooling.
Uh that the Fed is going to need to
continue to cut interest rates. And so,
the treasury market obviously likes
that.
Paul, this whole news of SoftBank
selling its stake of Nvidia.
Uh the reaction is quite interesting,
right? Um you you saw Nvidia shares were
lower. SoftBank shares are taking a bit
of a dive here this morning in Tokyo.
How should the market be interpreting
this sort of this this transaction now?
Yeah, a really interesting one. I mean,
SoftBank is portraying it as a as a
future bet. You know, take some profit
out of the humongous gains that we've
had in Nvidia and put it into the
exciting uh prospects that are that are
coming up alongside it. Uh the market is
chatting a lot at the moment about the
way that the technology sector is
valuing uh this sort of future growth.
What it's doing with, you know,
depreciation and amortization. What it's
doing with the value of unlisted
companies including Open AI and how to
exactly kind of
um uh price that at the moment. And I it
and and there's a lot of unease at the
moment. And that's why we're seeing this
big increase in volatility in the tech
sector more broadly.
Uh which we've seen for maybe 10 days or
so now. Up and down, up and down we go.
I think the broader market is telling us
something pretty interesting as well
here, though, because although we've got
all of the tech sector down, the rest of
Asia is having a good day. You know, the
the advance versus declines is, you
know, three to one, four to one ratio.
So, um the rest of the market is taking
a little bit more support from the bets
on the Fed cuts even though tech
uh itself is is ailing somewhat today.
Paul, Thank you, Paul Dobson, the
executive editor for Asia markets
joining us out of Singapore here this
morning. And taking a look at how
SoftBank is doing this morning as well.
As we talked about there, uh that dive
that we're seeing on the shares, right?
After selling its entire Nvidia stake
for $5.8 billion to fund its AI bets.
Well, Bloomberg Intelligence thinks the
company is set to deliver its most
profitable year since 2020 with Open AI
investment gains driving results well
above estimates. Let's bring in Kirk
Boudry, senior industry analyst, joining
us now. Uh we'll get to the earnings
later. I mean, the the I think what
overshadowed all this was this uh the
stake that they sold on Nvidia. Good
move, bad move, or is he going to regret
it once again?
Well, that that's an interesting point.
But, um
I mean, I when I look at the reaction, I
mean, when you have concerns about AI
valuation, SoftBank is uniquely exposed.
I mean, that's their whole strategy.
Their largest assets are Arm and now
Open AI. So, if there's concerns, then
the stock's going to come down. That
they happen to trigger that concern by
selling their stake in Nvidia is maybe
ironic. Um
But, when we were looking at how
SoftBank has developed all the
investments it's done, like Nvidia and
other companies that they've invested in
like TSMC and Oracle, Intel, a lot of
those are trading positions. You know,
that SoftBank it doesn't have these as
long-term investments in its Vision
Fund. It has it at the parent level in a
business that it set up back in 2019
just to trade public equities. And what
Masa did is look at that and go, "Ooh, I
think I can make some money to help
finance a lot of the things that I want
to do." And that's why they sold the
Nvidia stake because they're going to
invest $31 billion this quarter. So,
that $5.8 billion, helpful.
Clearly, a lot of their portfolio
investments are doing really well. And
you saw that reflected in the numbers
because it was just incredible
the amount of that was recorded. 2.5
trillion yen versus the estimate for
around 420 billion. I mean, it's a
complete mismatch. But, I do wonder
firstly what you make of the earnings.
But secondly,
sort of that boom bust cycle, that that
doesn't seem sustainable at all. It was
just such an overshoot.
Yeah, I mean, it's Open AI had a huge
influence on the quarter. And I think
that is the difference largely between
what the street was looking for and what
they delivered. Um you know, that asset
almost doubled in value between January
and October and they had an investment
still to come with 22 and a half billion
dollars that they agreed to at the
January price that they're going to
close in December which is one of the
reasons why selling the Nvidia stake
makes sense cuz they have to fund this
tranche of open AI.
And you know, there's this you know,
issue like oh, but maybe they're not as
keen on you know, the market or they
think it's choppy but no, they're buying
an investment that's already doubled
they're paying for something that's
already doubled in value basically.
They said that you know, they're
unwinding these positions to really pay
for you know, the plethora of AI
projects, right? Whether it's Oracle
open AI the like what what should we be
looking out for next? Okay. Um, I mean
that they will close investments in a
company called Ampere which is a chip
manufacturer and open AI. Um, the other
thing that they talked a lot about that
didn't really
get a lot of attention is robotics.
So they bought they spent five billion
dollars to buy ABB robotics and that
makes them just on that basis the second
largest robotics company. On top of
that, they already have six billion in
other assets that they can combine with
that that'll help them move to the high
end of the market where the growth is.
So we expect to hear a lot more of that
in the second half.
All right, that was our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst there Co
Budry. Thanks so much for joining us
this morning and I think it's been very
interesting to track the
the investor reaction to this as well
because not everyone is so optimistic on
on the amount of exuberance that you see
in the AI space and I think Michael
Burry has been someone that's been
really notable on X just in the last few
weeks but the latest is this this issue
or this this warning that he's
essentially issued about the exuberance
and he's talking here about capex and
how maybe that could be vastly
understood or misunderstood by the
market but this is here that the the
tweet that you can see and he's saying
that massively ramping capex through
through purchase of an Nvidia chips or
servers on a two to three year product
cycle shouldn't result in the extension
of useful lives of computer equipment
but I guess the point here broadly is
that
we're used to seeing sort of major
investments into infrastructure but
what's different between say 19th
century railroads or or or fiber optics
cables back from the dot com era is that
GPUs and the Nvidia chips
really their life cycle is significantly
shorter. You're talking about a few
years here. So has that really been
understood or appreciated by these
companies just yet? Yeah, Chris Bryant
had a little good opinion piece about
this, right? The shelf life is about
what five years. So it's kind of like he
he compared it to like a like an iPhone,
right? You're going to have to keep
upgrading these models from time to time
in order to kind of contain continue on,
right? And and so in some ways it's it's
almost like a huge recurring expense
that these hyperscalers are going to
have to have. It's good for Nvidia but
may not be good for the big kind of
Googles and the and the world that are
already splashing so much money into
that space.
>> And one of the points he made as well
that was super interesting in that
column was just talking about how Wall
Street's really used to depreciating
sort of these these these fast
depreciating assets like autos autos or
or aircraft for instance. What's
different though is how private credit
funds are are moving into this space as
well and then using GPUs as collateral
to finance loans and what's the risk of
that given you're just seeing an
explosion of activity in this space.
>> Yeah. Perhaps some things that all those
AI
bulls are ignoring here at the moment
but yes, Michael Burry certainly raising
a lot more eyebrows there in terms of
this whole AI trade and where to next as
well. But yes, we'll see if that
continues to see any sort of pullbacks
when it comes to the AI trade. We
certainly saw that when he shorted
Nvidia just a few weeks ago. I still
have you going to break down China's
market outlook there. Wendy Liu from JP
Morgan chief China equity strategist
joins us. Plus we'll talk to some of the
earnings that we're seeing in the China
tech side HSI co-founder and CEO David
Lee joins us exclusively [music] to
discuss driver assistance technology and
of course that bullish outlook that we
saw for the fourth quarter. And we're
counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. Happy
Wednesday. This is the China show.
All right, you're RMB fixed just
crossing the Bloomberg here still
looking on the stronger side against
estimates [music] here. We're talking
about 708 levels. So there we have seen
some strength of late there but
certainly the dollar is you know, this
whole dollar carry trade that certainly
is back in favor once again. We'll we'll
talk a little bit more about that in the
next hour but certainly RMB that
certainly will be in focus here the
strength and whether we can continue
this resilience. Yeah.
And let's also shift to to what's going
to be the big market story today or one
of the big market stories and that's
jd.com because they're saying that
orders during this year's Singles' Day
shopping festival jump nearly 60% from
last year and that includes a surge in
overseas sales. So let's get more with
our China correspondent Mimulo. Mimulo,
I mean we saw the reaction in the ADRs
and and also the downward pressure it
may be exerted on the likes of Alibaba
and Meituan. Yeah, definitely. I mean we
weren't expecting such strong numbers
especially given the deflationary streak
that we have been seeing but I think
what is masking the numbers is that we
don't have the breakdown of how much
exactly is the total GMV sales
especially from the domestic market
because a lot of that strong numbers is
coming from their overseas push. They're
getting double the amount of sales in
markets like Singapore, Malaysia, South
Korea, Japan, Australia, Thailand.
They're getting triple the amount of
sales in 13 foreign markets where they
provide free delivery. Um, 40 amount in
40% increase in shoppers but it's not
clear how much is the increase in the
domestic market but certainly that's
helping to boost their overall numbers
there. Alibaba we don't have the numbers
yet because they're extending the sales
until end of the week so until Friday
but Xiaomi did give us the numbers. They
had about more than four billion dollars
in sales and this coincides with what
Alibaba had told us at the initial few
hours of the campaign. They did say that
consumer electronics were among the top
selling categories. So uh iPhones Apple
17 and Xiaomi 17 both of these were
among the top selling items according to
Alibaba. Yeah, Alibaba you spoke with
them back then
deploying AI and all this as well these
new initiatives for growth.
Yeah, so they have a few things that I
think would be beneficial for this
year's growth. One is their AI
deployment so they have been
incorporating a lot of AI AI assisted
algorithm that really help with their
click through rates, conversion rates,
reducing the return rates as well
because now you can make semantic
searches not just product searches. So
you can you can ask you know, what is
the best gift to give someone who is
depressed for example. But the other
thing that they have created recently is
the Taobao which is flash deliveries
that can reach your home in less than 30
minutes. And this used to be something
you get for food deliveries but now
they're expanding it to items from
shampoos to phones. They just connected
Huawei stores thousands of those stores
connected to the Taobao and that created
huge amounts of orders. So they clocked
I believe 100 million new orders in the
first two weeks on that platform and
they expect this to be a major driver
the next three years a trillion yuan
they're expecting in new additional
transactions over the next three years
from this channel.
Yeah, actually I I have to say I'm
pretty glad they're extending those
sales periods for Alibaba cuz I still
haven't got all my Singles' Day shopping
done just yet. Uh, let's talk about
another story though because the PBOC as
well has been sort of dismissing these
concerns over a slowdown in loan growth.
So what are the details? Yeah, this is
coming from their third quarter monetary
report which is important because it
gives us a clue as to what the PBOC is
thinking in terms of monetary policy. So
they've been downplaying the weak credit
cycle that we've been seeing so far
saying that it is to be expected because
the time the economy is transitioning
from high-speed growth to high-quality
growth. So they've been backing all
these high-quality productive forces.
They've been making more types of
funding available so companies can now
tap into venture capital into the bond
market and equity market so they don't
don't need to get uh so much bank loan.
But the other thing is also because a
lot of the savings that people used to
channel into real estate is now going
into the capital markets. So and the
government doesn't necessarily want to
continue propping up the property
sector. They also want to deviate away
from the debt-driven growth of
yesteryears, right? So all of these
contributing to the slow growth and it
seems like the PBOC's tolerance for that
weaker growth is increasing and Goldman
Sachs is saying they're expecting the
triple R and rate cuts to be pushed back
to the next quarter because of this.
Okay, Mimulo. Thank you, Mimulo there
our China correspondent with all things
Singles' Day of course and that PBOC
monetary policy report that came out as
well. Well, Bloomberg has also learned
that talks have stalled between Hong
Kong-based developer New World and
potential investors and sources are
saying that the impasse is over how much
control the billionaire Cheng family is
prepared to hand over in exchange for
capital. For the details let's bring in
our Bloomberg credit reporter Carrie Su
Lim. Carrie, first of all tell us a
little bit more about why we've seen
these negotiations stall of late.
Yeah, I think you, Yvonne. So I think
it's really boils down to kind of the
family succession. They have given the
investors basically zero clarity on what
they are willing to provide and the
details of any deal that they would be
willing to accept. So that's left the
investors with kind of essentially
nothing to work with. And so what we are
hearing from our sources is that um
until if they do not hear anything by
the end of the year, it's very likely
the deal will fall through and I think
for that that matters tremendously
because what's at stake if the deal
doesn't go through is in part kind of
um the family's legacy, right? And I
think that's the real calculation
they're making is, you know, if we
accept this foreign investing capital,
will we maintain our stake in um kind of
you know, their family fortune, which is
the company that they built up? So, this
is really kind of the struggle that I
think we're seeing ongoing as these
talks drag on.
Yeah, but as she's saying the story, I
mean, banks are increasingly reluctant
to offer further support. So,
how crucial is it and then and who's
going to essentially call who's bluff
first?
Yeah, I think in in many ways, it's not
really about bluffing. It's really about
kind of time and I think really the
ball's in the family's court because
it's the investors who have been willing
to engage, but at some point their
patience will run out, right? And that
is slated to happen
basically by year end according to our
sources. So, what that really means is
that if they don't get this type of
capital
and banks are are not willing to lend,
they will have to look for alternative
sources, you know, and that could
potentially mean insurance money, but
it's really unclear what that would
mean. It's very likely in some ways that
this stalling tactic could simply be a
way that they're the family is making a
big bet that hey, we can drag this on
until kind of the sector, meaning the
real estate sector, recovers we can
recoup some of our losses. That is one
possibility, too.
All right, Kailey, really great
reporting there just as we're waiting
for New World to start trading, but it
is certainly going to be a stock we're
going to track at the open in a few
minutes from Now, so that was our
Bloomberg credit reporter, Kailey Sue
Lindberg, there joining us and taking a
look as well at what pre-market activity
is telling us. Could see a bit of a
reversal, actually, because we saw the
CSI 300 dipping into the close
yesterday, but we are actually setting
up for for some positivity in the
session. Going to be watching the tech
sector in particular given as we were
discussing there those JD sales figures
for instance from Singles Day and and
generally though, tech is under
pressure. So, another sector to watch.
We'll have more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
All righty, taking a look at the
pre-market session here. We are 4
minutes away now from the open and we
are setting up for some gains. Actually
looking at positivity in the tech space.
That may be could be really the China
e-commerce story. And when I talk about
e-commerce, I'm talking about really two
companies that have reported strong
numbers so far. JD absolutely the
standout, but Xiaomi as well had some
strong figures. Yeah, so certainly that
helps, right? Maybe it's a little bit of
animal spirits back in some of these
consumer plays here today, but take a
look at we're seeing in terms of the
chip space.
Mostly are lower here today. Hua Hong as
well. We're down about 1%. [music] XPeng
though extending that rally that we saw.
Certainly when it came to all this
optimism about robo-taxis and the like
[music] and certainly we'll be talking
to Hesai coming up after their results
coming in through here as well among
other earnings to tell you about there.
The open is next. [music] This is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning and we're counting
down to the open of markets here in
about 40 seconds from now and we are
looking actually for some positivity in
the session. Yesterday [music] into the
close, it was a bit of a different story
because there was that risk around rare
earth curbs. Was the China looking to
restrict the US [music] further? That
sort of came back into the session in a
way, so it led to a bit of downward
[music] pressure, a bit of question
marks over the the fragility of that
trade truce, but but certainly I mean,
other focus in the session today, you've
got the e-commerce story. [music] That's
going to be another key area to watch
for China.
>> Yeah, the Singles Day numbers are
looking pretty strong for [music] some
of these e-commerce plays. So, certainly
that's one thing to watch here. Also, I
think we'll focus a little bit more on
the whole AI trade given what we saw
with SoftBank offloading that [music]
stake of Nvidia there, which is sending
this the shares in Tokyo lower here.
Does that kind of add to those kind of
wobbles that we've been seeing and and
concerns around lofty valuations around
the AI side of things. That certainly is
one question that continues to linger on
throughout the week as well. Not to
mention when you talk about some of the
data that we got on the US. Still softer
labor data, private data, right? What
does that tell you about the Fed
expectations? That certainly is still
one thing because that dollar trade that
carry trade still seems to be coming
back in a big way and that certainly
does have implications for equity
markets in general. Take a look at what
it comes to the open though. We are
moderately lower here today. CSI 300 is
pretty much just lower by about a tenth
of 1%. We've broken below that 4,000
psychological level when it comes to the
Shanghai composite here just slightly
here. We'll see if that continues, but
yes, you are seeing actually though when
it comes to commodities, that's bid up.
Crude's up to about 2% in Shanghai and
you take a look at when it comes to some
of these big large cap names like CATL
and Kweichow Moutai is also doing okay.
Cover Connect though is lower by 1%. We
are seeing the chips out of favor here
today. Maybe it's the whole AI trade.
Certainly that's one concern. Let's have
the boards and see how Hong Kong is
doing, of course. We're seeing obviously
earnings is going to be a big theme here
today. We talked about Hesai. Samsonite
is going to be reporting. SJM among
some. H S Tech is on offer here. You are
seeing a bit of that being dragged by
Alibaba. That's down some 2% maybe we'll
see how we're still waiting for those
official numbers when it came to Singles
Day sales for that company. So, maybe
we're still waiting for that, but you
are seeing Baidu is down 1 and 1/2%
here. Tencent though doing a little bit
better as well. Keep in mind though, you
know, this rotation that we've seen
out of growth into some of these sort of
value, that certainly continues, right?
When you take a look at some of these
stocks like AIA, HSBC for example, those
are actually have been outperforming in
the last couple of weeks or so. HSBC
once again we're up about a fifth of a
half of 1% here. And we're also focusing
very closely on
the chip stocks, right? So, Hua Hong
Semi, I think we're down for another
fourth straight day. There you go. We're
down 1.8%. Morningstar had a pretty
interesting sort of report uh talking
about how, you know, it it the stock it
seems overvalued. Unrealistic, the
analysts say here when it comes to
expectations around growth and
profitability cuz what you saw in those
earnings was that perhaps when it came
to the AI sort of boom, that they might
be less um able to benefit from what
they're seeing in the whole AI boom sort
of things given that their AI revenue
was also just in the mid-teens, they
say. SMIC is also lower by 1%. ASMPT
also lower here this morning. You take a
look at when it comes to what is coming
up. Hesai is certainly one in focus. We
have the CEO coming on in just a few
moments. So, you did see fourth quarter
net revenues rising close to about 40 or
67%. That is the guidance. So, that is
looking like maybe a bit of a
disappointment. Take a look at how
Hesai's shares are doing. We are down
double digits now at the 10%,
which is quite interesting. SJM
Samsonite, Tencent, Auto Music also
reporting later on here as well, Belle.
Yeah, but as you said, a lot to unpack
with with David Lee, the CEO of Hesai
joining us in just a few moments from
now, but talking about earnings, let's
also just sort of do a recap of of where
we are today because at this time around
90% of the MSCI China index has reported
so far and this is really just breaking
it down. So, in terms of the misses,
you're over 50% have missed on on those
expectations from analysts, beats you're
around that 40% mark and around 6%
coming in line, but but there are still
some some standouts. I mean, of that
90%, the ones we're really waiting for,
the likes of Alibaba for instance is
going to be very keenly watched
especially given all of its spending on
AI as well, but but that certainly is is
where we are today, Evan. Let's bring
Wendy Liu, chief China equity strategist
at JP Morgan and maybe get your take.
How are you assessing this earnings
season so far? Earnings season we got
CSI 300 fully reported. Uh so, it did
show a quarter over quarter improvement
from 9% to 2% back to 12% if we look at
Q1, Q2, Q3. So, that pivot is a good
one. However, if we look at the
breakdown and what's expected a bottom
up
uh based on single stock consensus,
then except for financials,
uh it's going to be quite a bit to make
up in 4Q. And so, I think this quarter,
next quarter is a time people have to
recalibrate what kind of multiples that
they pay for these single stocks. The
one bright spot from CSI 300 is that we
did see signs of involution
uh anti-involution, yeah, uh being
implemented. Hence, parts of the IT,
material, and industrial universe showed
better margins and that brought around
the pivot to 12% year over year. So, if
you're seeing that sign of of
anti-involution policy starting to take
hold, how do you then factor it into to
the valuation part of the equation as
well and and what you're prepared to pay
for some of these companies? Yeah. So,
uh CSI 300 peaked at about 1.7 times
standard deviation to 10-year average
FTMP.
Uh at peak, it could go slightly over
two, uh but we really need earnings to
come through to support a higher
valuation and it's safer for it to go
back to one. Um so, I think this pivot
is a positive and it's more favorable to
CSI 300 because it's more exposed to
manufacturing. And so, we're waiting for
the big index heavy constituents to
report this uh next week and then we'll
have a better picture for MSCI China.
MSCI China is a little bit more consumer
exposed um and suffice to say that
consumption has been sort of stable
rather than in a big pickup. And then
when we look at the different sectors,
again the hurdle is the lowest for
financials to meet and beat
in in this the next quarter.
It's been a sort of fierce rotation that
we've seen all year, right? First
quarter was all about deep seek tech.
Second quarter was more about new
consumption, pop marts, Alibaba's and
then third it was biotech maybe fourth
was just kind of the return to to maybe
tech shares once again.
How do you grasp this sort of fierce
rotation that we see? And how do
investors can they actually manage all
this this this persistent volatility
that we're seeing? Yeah, I think the
first half it was really about
innovation. So IT and health care
was the leader and then was a bit of
communication services because gaming.
Now when we look at it it's really
anti-evolution helping the material
material shares and to some degree a
de-dollarization. So people going to
gold and precious metals and etc.
I think every quarter there is a regular
examination of what's coming up next and
what has gotten overvalued.
>> Yeah. We do have a quantitative macro
indicator that give us a sense in real
time
where we are in the cycle of growth. So
we have four quadrants,
contraction, recovery, expansion, slow
down. And so I call them the winter,
spring, summer, fall of the seasons,
right? And so most of 2025 has been in
the summer but it's a very
you know, chill summer. Yeah, early
summer. And so when the spurt is pretty
obvious into further expansion, the
market responds. And lately we've seen
more pressure with high frequency data
being reported so far this month. So I
think we have a pullback while still in
the
growth
area, growth zone. And this is when
defensive high yielders respond. So on
October 12th and 9th we published
something warning about you know,
crowded growth. And then preference
for less crowded high quality laggards.
And seasonally there is also a
preference for financials because the
high yielders they will be looked upon
when the new insurance money coming in
at the beginning of the year.
How does the international or or you
know, institutional global money also
play into this as well because some of
those names you're talking about sort of
like the hot names are
more in the spotlight I guess than some
of these under loved names. How how do
you sort of
sell that idea as well?
I think for the longest people look to
China for consumption
sort of investment because there's a
huge consumption market, 7 trillion US
dollars at least you know, 5 trillion
for the households.
And so the preference is really for
consumption proxies. And I think this
year it started to broaden out a little
bit to innovative ideas, advanced
manufacturing and particularly lately
ESS
and what we also find is among the ESS
energy storage systems.
Very hot area. And so we know that you
know, beyond the GPUs there's a whole
infrastructure that feeds into the AI
age.
>> is that the better play now around AI?
Is the power, is the infrastructure, the
cooling, the power?
>> new new growth driver is ESS. Yeah,
people know you know, some parts of the
world there's GPU but not enough power.
Some parts of the world there's power
but not enough GPU.
So [laughter]
there is
a trend going on identifying locations
where you could have GPU and power.
So there is a real infrastructure boom
going on. And then I think that's
becoming more apparent.
In terms of what we'll look for for
2026. I know you've talked about
consolidation.
What what can 2026 bring? Then can we
can we mirror some of the the gains that
we've seen this year already?
I think the sector wise it may be
somewhat different. So we upgraded
staples in the
on October 12th and then downgraded
health care
and downgraded consumer discretionary. I
think structurally IT is still the place
to be but near term we're going to have
some wobbliness as valuation works
itself out. In 2025 the biggest thing
that happened to Hong Kong China
equities is earnings re-rated closer to
historical parity and at least for China
closer to the EM parity. But it's really
going to be about earnings. If I look at
relative performance since 21, China has
been in a broad downward performance or
underperformance vis-a-vis India through
September of last year. And likewise for
Hong Kong downward performance vis-a-vis
Singapore since 2000 up until beginning
of the year. Yeah. But what will take it
further would be EPS. The the the area
that give us a little bit of a
confidence is that MSCI China's top
one's forward net margin is the lowest
within APAC at about 5.2%. But ROE is
actually not as bad is it about 12%. So
that means the asset turn is quite
efficient. But can you at some point
have higher net margin and therefore the
ROE could be more standout. I think if
that could be achieved that would be a
positive. But we can't make that you
know, call right now. It's something to
watch closely.
I was going to get your take because
everyone says China is a diversification
play against the global volatility that
we see, right? The pullbacks that we're
seeing on
the the global mega tech mega cap tech.
I mean we're seeing it in Korea right
now where volatility there has basically
shot up once again.
But then again when you take a look at
concentration risk that we we see that
in China
as well.
How do you see this? Do you think that
AI and this whole kind of theme of of
tech
supremacy and tech self-sufficiency? Is
that a good enough shield
to kind of inundate China tech from from
you know, the global volatility that
we're seeing around
AI right now? That's a very good
question. I do sense in conversations
with onshore investors that they become
more sophisticated. They are more
mindful of valuation also. So on the one
hand I think China's very very trying
very hard to get the self-sufficiency
going but on the other hand the product
quality still has room to improve.
And that will show up in the top line,
in the orders. And I think it's a
dynamic recalibration of where
valuations are and where earnings and
then revenues are. So we're in the midst
of that process.
Clearly it gives greater confidence
structurally for these sectors. And I
think within tech you have one that
exposed to the global AI supply chain
and the other one that's exposed to
domestic self-reliance. And then also
consumer electronics and I think the
last one has been a little bit more
difficult lately
owing to consumer demand and then
the best one so far this year actually
happened in the first camp, global AI
supply chain. Yeah. Yeah, and I guess
going back to your point around the AI
landscape can look different too because
China doesn't necessarily have the chips
but they've got the energy and and it's
the inverse very much in the US what
we're seeing right now with that
infrastructure build up. But Wendy,
thank you very much for joining us this
morning. That was Wendy Liu there, chief
China equity strategist at JP Morgan
joining us for the market open this
morning. But coming up because this is
one of the stocks very much under
pressure so far in the session down
around 10% but our exclusive interview
with Hesai coming up after the firm says
it will achieve its full year target
ahead of schedule. That's next and this
is Bloomberg.
Hesai Technology says it expects profit
to rise between 39 and 67% in the fourth
quarter. This is the world's largest
maker of lidar sensors that are used in
cars. It also reported third quarter net
revenue increasing 48% on year to almost
112 million US dollars and that's thanks
to to very robust demand globally. Of
course Hesai really being at the center
of of the lidar ecosystem. But joining
us exclusively now from Shanghai is
David Lee. He's co-founder and CEO of
Hesai Technology. So David, strong set
of results there. The share of course is
under pressure this morning but but
let's just get to to the main takeaways
for you. What stood out in the numbers?
Yeah, it's a super exciting quarter.
I'll give you a few numbers. First, the
first three quarters we shipped more
than a million units already. And that's
like the 4 Q 3 47% year-over-year on
revenue. And this is also interesting.
We we tell the market that
we already achieved the full year
profitability goal by Q3 which is
probably one of the surprise to the
market. And I'm super proud because
everyone is talking about involution and
now we're actually achieving the goals
ahead of the time. And then we now we
have on the long range lidar an entire
market we have 46% global
market share.
Hesai shares are down some 9% on the
back of of your optimism, David. I'm
just wondering
what why do you think investors are
seemingly a bit disappointed in the in
these results?
Uh first of all, this is the the first
thing I do in the morning. I haven't
called them. I don't really know. I have
a few guesses.
Uh I actually think one of the reasons
is that people seem too worried about
the evolution in the China automotive as
well as the decline of the ASP of the
lidar. But I do want to point out a very
simple fact that even though it's true,
it's always the case that the ASP will
slowly decline. But if you look at the
history, like we've reduced the price by
99.5%
and we maintain our gross margin. What
you should look at is whether this
company is able to reduce the cost and
greatly expand the volume and then
keeping the gross margin. The answer is
yes, yes, and yes. I'll give you one
interesting number, right? Obviously,
the first three quarters are very good
and we're expecting the the best quarter
and yet to come by Q4. And first time
we'll be shipping more than a billion
RMB worth of product. That's like a
record. And the other record I would
like to indicate is that we're expecting
more than 600,000
units in one quarter. Just give you some
perspective.
Five years ago, we're shipping about
1,000 lidars per quarter. So this is a
in our capacity
to expand the volume while keeping the
gross margin. That's what's I think it's
so important. I feel like it's actually
a good thing that we're able to reduce
the cost while keeping the gross margin.
Yeah, let's talk about that that ASP
then. What's your expectation for going
into next year and what's the pressure
or conversations you're having with with
some of your major customers as well?
How much do they ask you to reduce
prices?
What they always ask me is cheaper,
cheaper, and cheaper,
so but but well, you have to look at it
at a at a a different angle. So for the
level two system, what we call that the
invisible airbag and seat belt, it's
true that people always want your ASP to
slowly decline as this is becoming
virtually the standard for every vehicle
because everyone knows that it could
save up to 90% of the fatal accident.
But having said that, what we do see is
that a lot of customers are already
making the decision to take it as a
standard. We're working with really
almost everyone, BYD, Xiaomi, Li Auto,
Chery, Li Motor, Great Wall, Changan,
ZEEKR, and all that and the JVs of China
in China, the GM, Cadillac, the Ford,
the Audi, the Smart, the Toyota.
On top of this, what's interesting now
is the ASP going up, which is
when you just hear the statement, it
sounds like a suicide, but hear me out.
What's really happening is that for
level two system, you're assisting the
driver. You're creating value, but
people think it's maybe limited. But now
we're talking about levels three and
level four, especially level three. We
already have projects with multiple car
makers and level three is a completely
different game in the sense that people
are wanting more than just one sensors.
They actually want one looking forward
and they want blind spot to wrap this
vehicle round with 1 + 2 or sometimes 1
+ 5, which means that now we're looking
at from one sensor to up to six sensors
and the ASP is going from $200 to
sometimes up to 500 to $1,000 as entire
content of lidar on the vehicle, which
is super exciting because now the time
calculation should be redone from level
two to level three and four.
And David, you know, when you guys had
this listing, you obviously one of the
key sort of use of proceeds was going to
be expanding production.
Uh I I remember David, my co-anchor
asked you last time on any updates when
it comes to some of your overseas
factories. You're pretty mum on the
details. Can you give us any sort of
update this time around?
>> Sure.
Sure. Sure.
So
last time
we left at the statement that
the new factory in Southeast Asia will
be starting to operate by late 2026,
early 2027 from a country with great
food. I feel like I have to be a little
more specific about it. So
so now I can comfortably tell you it's a
country
with great Tom Yum soup. Hopefully
that's sufficient. Oh.
Southeast Asia, Thailand.
Yes. Yes. It's in Thailand.
>> it? Oh
Yes.
>> Oh great. Give me the timeline.
>> ambiguity about Tom Yum soup.
Late 2026 to operation and early 2027.
Great. Um yeah, I mean obviously
Southeast Asia I know has been your key
focus as well. Um
maybe I want to get more on maybe the
domestic side of things as well. Just
given the fact that it seems like
humanoid robots
I mean Xpeng certainly made the news the
last week as well. It's it's just been
getting so much attention.
How do you think Hesai and and the lidar
industry can really benefit from from
this sort of surge in the sector?
Definitely. First I wanted to just cite
something from one of my favorite
entrepreneurs, probably also one of your
favorite CEOs, Jensen Huang. He said
that eventually anything that moves will
be autonomous, which is very interesting
because to me anything that's autonomous
moving
is likely to have a a 3D sensor or
multiple on it. So we're talking about
many industries, right? We call them
robotics. Robotics include robotaxis,
including different applications like
robotrucks, last-mile deliveries,
lawnmowers, service robots, cleaning
robots, AGVs, factory automation,
agriculture, etc. And we're actually on
all of those industries. But this
quarter, the most exciting one is
actually
the the robotaxis. For robotics, we're
shipping 14 times year over year this
quarter. So this is is completely
exploding the volume. But then if you
look at robotaxis, this is the key focus
for this quarter because we're seeing,
let's call that the light at the end of
the tunnel. And everyone is seeing this
possibility that we'll eventually have
cars without drivers. And let me remind
you the significance of it. Again, this
is from another entrepreneur I do like,
but he probably doesn't like me, Elon
Musk. He said that the entire
significance of such an industry is that
you're going from the utilization of a
car for two hours per day to probably
20. So you're increasing the value of
such a product by 10x, which is crazy.
Cuz anybody who could do that, you're
you're looking at a lot of money to be
made. And now we're looking at
almost all the major robotaxi players
starting to take off. Like we're talking
about WeRide, Pony.ai, Hello JD, and in
the US, Motional, and a few more I won't
be able to mention names, but they're
using our sensors and they're using
up to eight lidars per vehicle.
David, we're we're getting to a hard
break. We have to go. Thank you so much,
David Lei, co-founder and CEO of Hesai
[music] Technology joining us from
Shanghai. We have plenty more to come.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI
[music]
like things are yeah, we're heading up
the hump right now when it comes to risk
assets and Hang Seng is doing [music]
okay in the face of all this. We're up
8/10 of 1%. Tech though we're seeing
mostly is heading lower here today. Of
course, there has been [music] some
concerns as well. SoftBank, you know,
when it came to selling its entire stake
of Nvidia, that's setting a bit more
wobbles in the whole AI trade here this
morning and also we're watching some
extensive losses here when it comes to
likes of some of the big tech in China,
too.
Yeah, actually pretty much under
pressure across the board. Xpeng is an
interesting one cuz yesterday the big
story was them around the the robotics
build out and some optimism. So it was a
huge surge for the stock. But but
Alibaba for instance, maybe a bit under
pressure as well because we had JD for
instance reporting very strong single
sale sales figures and so putting a bit
of pressure. But I really do want to
recap Hesai because we just had a great
interview with David Lei and when he
said that they were building a factory
in the country famous for Tom Yum soup,
you knew exactly
It's just
>> [laughter]
>> in Bell's face. Bell's face
was scratching her head.
>> [laughter]
>> But she he put us on the spot, mind you,
like live on TV to guess which country
he was talking about. Well, you know, as
a fan of Tom Yum soup, I was like,
Thailand! Okay, Bangkok, right? He
mentioned about building that first
overseas factory in Thailand. I love
when CEOs break news on our show.
Keep doing it, please. Keeps us on our
toes.
But you know, what he mentioned was that
the stock though was down close to 10%
when we asked him, you know, what what's
going on? Why do you think investors are
a bit disappointed in your results? He
says maybe because ASP is getting lower.
But what he tried to counter that in
some ways, too.
>> think it's interesting just when you
talk about ASP, I mean lidars, the
individual units used to sell for
hundreds of US dollars per year and it's
just been every year cutting 50% 50% 50%
as they build out market share build out
their partnerships with with major OEMs
as well. So he was just saying look it's
no surprise and they've been able to to
maintain their gross profit margin for
instance and just don't read into ASP so
much. But that was anyway the key
takeaways from her side. Let's take a
look at broader markets today as well
because actually we've got Asian
equities that are moving to the upside.
Tech is the story that's under pressure
today but you do have signs for
optimism. This firstly you had these
signals for instance the US government
shutdown could be nearing the end.
Adding to that as well is is really what
we had around treasury moves rising
across the curve but that private sector
data signaling a cooling US labor
market. What does that mean for the Fed
and these bets of further easing being
on the table? Let's get more now though
on how markets are fairing this morning.
Bring in Bloomberg and my strategist
Mark Cranfield who's with us here this
morning as well. And Mark yeah I mean
lots to to unpack. So what's what's
standing out for you?
Yeah you can you can see that the the
healthy part of the market is the is the
rotation away from tech. We saw it last
night in in the US markets as well where
the S&P 500 actually rallied on them
very good breadth.
Uh we've been concerned about it
recently but it it started to improve a
lot yesterday. Um the obviously the fact
that treasury yields have reopened and
they're lower people thinking that the
Fed will still be on target for lower
interest rates in this cycle. I mean
traders are still pricing
for 75 basis points worth of cuts over
the next year taking the the Fed rate
down to about the 3% area which hasn't
really changed very much for several
months. We've been targeting pretty much
that same level. So though the pricing
for December is not fully pricing for an
interest rate cut there's plenty of time
to get back on board for that and that's
where traders seem to be coming. But
it's pretty healthy that you're seeing
people able to sell the tech sector but
move into other places
where they see there's resilience and
the market is still doing okay.
Obviously there's some overhang
with the the Chinese tech names in
particular because SoftBank sold Nvidia
people are reading that as a signal they
may want to unload other holdings.
Not that I mean in the short term of
course people should take notice but
SoftBank doesn't have a very good track
record of selling stocks at great
levels. It sold Nvidia in 2019 ever
since then the stock went higher and
higher. So maybe looking at SoftBank is
not a great indicator of where tech is
going actually. But anyway
at least for today people are concerned
about that. But we do have big earnings
coming up. Tencent JD Alibaba is likely
to come up pretty soon as well. Any one
of those could reassess the market and
and convince people that things are
still pretty good at least for the near
term anyway.
Yeah I still remember I think it was
just what a few last month when Masa and
and and Jensen Huang were together and
they were talking about how much you
know SoftBank once owned in terms of
Nvidia and then Masa says put his head
on the on Jensen's shoulder and just
kind of sh you know really kind of
regretting it in some ways and it's
interesting whether he's going to regret
it again
this time around Mark. Um you mentioned
about the SoftBank slump though. You're
thinking Japan can actually stay kind of
resilient despite this drag that we're
seeing from the company today.
I've got myself in a a mess over this
one before that I can remember about a
year [laughter] ago trying to convince
my convince my colleagues that SoftBank
was a really big deal after their
earnings
but the next day SoftBank shares were
going to go down and I was trying to
convince everyone yes this really is
very bad signal for Japanese equity and
of course I was wrong.
And
and so I think I've I've learned from
from that. SoftBank is not as
influential on the overall Japanese
market as it had been a few years ago.
And that's that's really what you're
seeing going on here today. People are
looking past it. There are so many
resilient parts of the Japanese market
away from from one company. And
yesterday we saw Sony tremendous
earnings from Sony. They're on a very
good tear. The banking sector is doing
extremely well.
There's plenty of other people in the
manufacturing space as well that are
having a good time. So one company does
not trigger a downturn in the whole
market and that's partly why you're
seeing the topics index have a pretty
strong day today.
I was showing
that sort of hug that awkward hug
between Masa and Jensen Huang there
from last month. All right Mark thank
you. Mark Cranfield let's hope you're
right. Our MI strategist joining us out
of Singapore uh talking about the pulse
check here when it comes to markets. And
really when it comes to all this one of
the key macro themes that we've been
focusing on of late is of course the
dollar. It's regaining its crown as one
of the world's most appealing assets and
it's a comeback that's defying talk of
this so-called sell America trade and
has raised questions about the outlook
for the global reserve currency. Let's
get to our chief correspondent for FX
and rates in Asia Ruth Carson. She joins
us now. So this whole dollar carry
I mean what are the numbers showing us
and and you know and what does it show
us about whether this this whole kind of
carry trade comes back in in a big way?
Absolutely. Great question. It's amazing
because if you'd asked me this question
Yvonne 6 months ago or I wouldn't have
been able to say what I'm going to say
to you right now which is the dollar is
incredibly appealing as a carry currency
and it's really defying all the talks
around debasement around sell America. I
mean you know back in February we saw
you know the dollar peaking and then
basically crashing down in June July and
everyone was going I you can't find a
dollar bull anywhere and here we are
today close to the end of the year with
all the trade tensions that we're seeing
in markets and the dollar going you know
what we can give you if you're long
dollar short yen short CHF for instance
Swiss franc um some of the best carry
returns when you actually take
volatility into account. Now if smashing
um stock markets bonds Chinese bonds
European bonds take your pick.
Yeah so why is that happening exactly?
So again great question in terms of
trying to unpack that. It is incredibly
nuanced with many layers. So if you look
at stocks for instance particularly US
equities we know that there's lofty
valuations. We know that investors are
worried. Investors are incredibly
worried about you know meta Nvidia or
the AI tech field rally. So things are
expensive which means that volatility
could also suddenly spike should there
be a sudden meltdown should there be a
sudden spike of selling. So that's
that's stocks. On the rate side for
bonds obviously that's incredibly tied
to what central banks are going to do
whether it's you know Japan and Bank of
Japan or whether they're raising rates
quickly enough through to the Fed. Will
they will they not cut? So for the carry
remember that we have to take into
consideration volatility as well and
that's definitely volatile.
It certainly is and you know in terms of
the big macro trade dollar yen
is is the key focus as you mentioned
right? We're trading around 154 levels
right now.
What's positioning like on the yen now?
Yeah again when it comes to positioning
macro traders depend very much on not
just flow but official data. And as we
all know the government in the US is
still shut down. CFTC is not available
to traders to look at. But one thing we
do know is that dollar yen on any given
day goes between 153 152 to 155 at the
moment. Now that when you think about it
is not that far off the 16195 mark that
we saw in August last year when we all
remember that fateful day when the carry
trade meltdown sort of whipped global
markets into a frenzy. So where does
positioning what does positioning tell
us on dollar yen right now? Everyone is
in waiting mode. They all know that yen
looks incredibly cheap at the moment but
will the Bank of Japan raise interest
rates quickly enough to appease you know
the yen bears out there and also those
that are looking to buy JGBs. All of
this is making for an incredibly
interesting cocktail when it comes to
dollar yen trading.
All right Ruth uh Ruth rather.
Thanks very much for joining us. That
was our chief correspondent for FX rates
in Asia Ruth Carson there and uh still
ahead on that China show we're going to
be joined exclusively by the CEO of the
Hong Kong sovereign wealth fund that's
to discuss where they're seeing
investment opportunities. So Clara Chan
from HKIC joining us in just a couple of
minutes from now. This is Bloomberg.
Watching the China show this morning and
taking a look at how we are going in
mainland and also Hong Kong markets
about 45 minutes into the session.
Actually you're seeing some positivity
across the screen. I'm just taking a
look at trading volumes. For Hong Kong
we are actually a bit under pressure so
far a bit lower than what we'd be on a
20-day moving average basis but but
generally
a few different sectors are standing out
to the upside across
the the Asia Pacific region. Healthcare
materials consumer staples it's tech uh
that's very much under pressure today.
But let's shift on now and take a look
as well at the Hong Kong investment
corporation because it was established 3
years ago. The mandate is to enhance the
city's long-term competitiveness as well
as deliver reasonable financial return
over the medium to long-term. So it's
been uh it's been focusing on tech
investing including core tech biotech
new energy as well. So let's get an
update on their investment outlook.
Bring in its CEO Clara Clara who's
joining us this morning exclusively. So
Clara thanks very much for for the time
to come into studio as well. We know
that you're working on a report and then
some sort of details on exactly how
you're performing at the end of last
year, but but what can you share from us
maybe some of the highlights that might
be in those figures? Well, first of all,
good morning and thank you so much for
having me today. As Annabelle mentioned,
we are working on a number of like
deliverables and also the sharing and
disclosure of those to the public. Um to
take a bit of snapshot, um I think to
put it in context, we have a dual
mandate. So, first is to deliver
financial return as you said because we
are a long-term professional
institutional investor. At the same
time, we as part of the Hong Kong team,
we want to reimagine the power of public
capital and also bring benefit to the
economic growth of Hong Kong. So, in
that context, um to share a bit of the
data points. First of all, in terms of
the capital deployment and also the
investment income. Uh as of end of last
year, we have deployed in underlying
projects less than 20% of our initial
size of capital. And at the same time,
we have recorded more than 2 billion
Hong Kong dollars in terms of um
investment return. And this is actually
in perfect alignment with what we had
set out for because we want to move
ahead very quickly, cast the net as wide
as possible to capture good companies,
potential growth of Hong Kong, while at
the same time, we need to balance
investment risk. So, we usually we move
quickly, but then we start small in each
and every deal. But when they grow, um
and also ahead of or meeting our
standard, we put in additional capital.
So, I could also give you an example
because there are deals that we have
been investing in them in a repeated
mode. Just like what I've mentioned, a
few days ago like on Monday, we
announced um our leading this round of
financing in a company called
Cornerstone Robotics, basically a
surgical robotic company. And in this
current round, we have also brought in
other sovereign wealth fund and also
leading in the sector road uh leader to
to the company. Uh you mentioned you
deployed less than 20% of your initial
size of the capital here right now.
What do you make of the pacing
of that? Do you think that you said
things are going quickly?
Uh so, you're comfortable with the pace
so far? Well, we have different stages
of our plan in terms of deployment. The
first stage, I would say from start to
around middle of 2024, we try to cast
the net wide enough to move very quickly
because that's the only way we could
capture and have a stake in good
companies and translate that into growth
impetus for Hong Kong. So, we invest in
more than currently more than 150
companies, but as you said, as of last
year, we deployed only less than 20% of
the capital. But this is for a reason
because we need to balance the speed
with also the investment risk. But at
the same time, I could also share other
dimensions of how we leverage um the
capital of others in terms of making
investment. Uh we always quoted a
capital multiplier ratio of 1 to 6,
meaning that every dollar we put into
work in the underlying project, we were
able to attract other market long-term
capital of more than $6. So, you could
imagine that with our less than 20% of
capital um deployed in underlying
projects, we actually bring in much more
from the outside world. The other
example is also that apart from our own
core capital, core pocket, um thanks to
the government's support, um basically
we have other capitals where we could
also uh manage or oversee the management
such as what we call the CIESIP, the
Capital Investment Entrance Scheme
Investment Portfolio, where for this
round uh for the 2025 capital batch, we
just issued the investment or invitation
for investment proposal 2 weeks ago. So,
basically that's bringing us um an
additional I think of at least 2.8
billion for deployment with different
managers.
So, less than 20% of the initial capital
deployed across around or more than 150
projects. So, it sort of tells me it the
the the amount of money that you're
investing or HKIC investing is
relatively small for for each of these
companies. Maybe they're more early
stage, so it's an appropriate level of
investment, but would you be looking at
taking a bigger bet for instance and and
putting a lot more of your capital to
work in in one or two particular
businesses? Yeah, that's a great
question and that's also the second
phase of our plan because as I said,
from the very beginning, we need to be
very cautious cuz it's public money. We
want to place the bet in the right
company. So, usually what we do, we
place it in a small way and we set
milestone. Once these companies or
partners, they hit the milestone and by
the way, I think it's music to our ears.
A lot of them have been growing much
quicker than expected. So, once they
have that, we have the right to invest
more. So, that's the example of
Cornerstone. And talking about um the
fact that this is now an other phase of
the development, I am actually seeing
the great trend of starting the second
half of 2025, which would also go into
2026. As Annabelle mentioned, we will be
doing a lot more partnership with
regional and international partners and
we will be investing with a larger scale
and also in a more systematic manner in
different themes. Can you tell me us
more about who these partnerships are?
Can you give us any more? Yeah, yeah.
Well, we actually have um a circle of
friends around the world. So, those
could be sovereign wealth funds and
long-term uh partners or long-term
capitals like uh pension plans from
around the world. And we also see a lot
of inward inquiries from the big
corporates in uh different parts of the
world. For example, in uh Southeast Asia
and also Middle East. A lot of them, I
think they're seeing great potential and
investment opportunities in Hong Kong or
through Hong Kong into Chinese mainland.
Looking that we are natural beneficiary
as part of China to benefit from the
growth impetus and also equally
importantly on innovation and
technology, uh I think a very good story
is R&D in Hong Kong, but at the same
time, we also um take good advantage and
um in terms of the manufacturing chain
and the value chain with other sibling
cities in the Greater Bay Area.
You mentioned the Middle East and I I
think that we've seen that huge trend.
It's very clear now.
Investments in China, Hong Kong being
the conduit.
Middle East is is sort of a big investor
and and the sovereign wealth funds are
very powerful in the Middle East, big
investors in tech in particular. Which
ones would you want to work with the
most or which ones are you looking to
work with? Well, we are very
open-minded. I think um our our worry
today is we don't do we don't move ahead
quick enough to find the best partner
for specific themes. And as we earlier
mentioned, there are different themes
that we look at, hard and core
technology, biotech and also green
energy or new energy technology. So, who
are the best partners? I would say
really depends on the sector and what
the wisdom and the resources and the
perspective that they could bring to the
table. And I think it's not only like
channeling the capital of from them. We
need to think about the recipient
companies. So, what do they need? So, I
think for us, we are very cognizant that
we need to be like a middle person of
super connector, super valuator, but
with the full understanding of what both
sides needed. Uh you have four different
sort of portfolios, right? The Hong Kong
growth, Greater Bay,
uh the strategic tech fund and the
co-investment fund. Can you tell us how
each of those are are performing? Well,
I think those are performing well,
particularly the strategic tech fund
because as you can imagine, it is very,
very focused on innovation and
technology and we are doing great on
that front. And I would say that we
talked about the investment income
earlier, um more than 2 billion Hong
Kong dollar with less than 20% of our
capital. A lot of the growth drivers, I
think have been from the biotech uh
companies because they have been growing
really good in terms of the growth
trajectory. And a few examples in terms
of the growth, which are validated by
objective facts and also other
investors. Number one, we talk about the
um listed companies. Two of our
portfolio company already listed in Hong
Kong uh generating double or triple
digit of IRR respectively and more than
10 companies already filed for IPO in
Hong Kong this year. Apart from that,
it's not only about IPO, but possible
talks on M&A and a lot of up rounds in
terms of uh the companies grow up we
invested. And so, as I earlier
mentioned, we always want to extend and
expand our regional partnership to have
even more systematic, larger scale uh
partnership with regional and
international investors because the
potential is really great.
This less than 20% of capital that's
been deployed, that's the end 2024
figure. Yeah, can you give us an update
then for 2025? What's it going to look
like and what does it look like into
next year as well? How much are you
going to have deployed? Well, definitely
it's growing because as I said, as we
move from the first stage of starting
small,
this is the stage where we are scaling
up both in terms of getting to know the
company and for those who have done
well, we double up and then we need we
will lead the additional rounds. So,
this number is going to grow and the
other dimension as I also just shared we
are going to form partnership with other
investors in this region and also
internationally. So, those definitely
also look to deploy capital in a
scalable manner. Clara, it's great to
have you. Clara Chan there, CEO of Hong
Kong Investment Corporation joining us
here in our Hong Kong studio with an
update, of course, of how things are
looking. Uh of course, you can get an
insider's guide to the money and people
shaking up in the finance hub here in
Hong Kong. Our Hong Kong Edition
newsletter, that's out [music] every
Thursday. You can sign up through our
website, bloomberg.com/newsletters.
>> All righty, some of the big corporate
stories that we're following this
morning and Elliott Investment
Management is challenging Toyota Group's
plan to take Toyota Industries private
in a $31 billion deal where the activist
hedge fund says the current offer of
16,300
yen per share is too low and that it
lacks [music] transparency. Elliott now
holds nearly 5% of Toyota Industries.
That's fueling expectations for a higher
bid.
Well, the LVMH is [music] said to be
gearing up to open major stores in China
next month. Sources say four LVMH labels
[music] including Louis Vuitton and
Tiffany are set to open multi-story
stores in Beijing this December after
[music] years of development. They also
say the conglomerate is in talks with a
new developer with a developer to say to
open a new [music] Christian Dior store
in Shanghai. I mean, you look at that LV
boat in Shanghai. That's certainly
it's it's beautiful.
Next to the roastery as well, Starbucks.
All right. I think when it comes to
markets, we're looking at aluminum,
right? This is sort of like the AI play.
If you take a look at what we're seeing,
here's aluminum holding near some multi-
I think it's the highest in about a year
in terms of aluminum futures in
Shanghai. So, there's been record
volumes of late here and really this
kind of a lot of enthusiasm for the
metal. And the likes of Mati Jo from
Bank of America just recently really did
tell us, you know, aluminum shares are
the most undervalued in China given the
fact that there's construction of data
centers, AI, power equipment was really
fueling that consumption. Yeah, and
quick check as well on on lithium stocks
in Australia because these are as well
reacting to moves in China, but
essentially China's royalty reform.
We've got a note out from RBC Capital
Markets saying that the sector
Australian lithium miners could benefit
from those changes. We'll have plenty
more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, it's close to 11:30 in Tokyo.
Japanese markets are heading out [music]
on lunch break in just a moment. And
yes, it actually is looking okay. We're
up about just about a fifth of 1%, but
the topics is doing much better with 1%
gains here right now.
I guess when it comes to SoftBank, that
is the one that is a big drag here today
just given that news of them, you know,
selling that stake entire stake of
Nvidia. So, that is why maybe we're
seeing the Nikkei a little bit there a
bit heavy. But in the most part of
things, we are seeing actually some good
value and some big moves across some of
these other sort of value plays here
this morning as well in Japan. That
seems to be stealing the spotlight here
as we see these bubbles in AI. SoftBank
shares now were off from the lows
already, but we're still down some 6%
for the stock. Yeah, and as you said,
it's really that sort of rotation we're
seeing maybe away from big tech in
Japan. But let's shift to Singtel now
because as well, that company reporting
their earnings. They're expecting to
book a higher operating profit for the
full year. That's after they had strong
numbers in the first half. But the group
CFO Arthur Lang told us it's too early
to figure out the amount of any
penalties. That's of course what's been
a really major story in Australia, which
has been the the outages at its
Australian unit Optus.
Optus does contribute a large portion,
almost 50% of our group revenues. But
when you it comes down to underlying
profits, I would say it's slightly less
than 10%. So, so you know, having said
that, you know, the incident that
happened a few weeks ago is something
that we
extremely, you know, regretful. And I
think it's created a lot of
unhappiness with our customers in
Australia. And this is something we're
taking very seriously.
There's many independent inquiry panel
that has been established. We're letting
the Dr. Kerry Schott actually do its
independent do independent review and
then, you know, come up with the
findings hopefully by end of this year.
And and we need to accelerate our
transformation initiatives on risk
management, process governance, and and
resilience. So, this is something we are
very focused on.
But if you look at the first half
results, I I would say,
you know, it's it's given we've done
pretty okay as a group. It's up
underlying profits are up about 14%
year-on-year. And it's really driven by
the portfolio effect. I mean, in
addition to Australia, we have Airtel in
India, AIS in Thailand, which have done
extremely well.
And also our NCS, which is our IT
services business. I think you've seen a
very nice improvement on EBIT. So, so
despite the uncertainties in Australia,
I think we are confident. We definitely
have to do something and we're doing a
lot more and and really supporting the
Optus management and the board in
Australia. But as region and across the
portfolio of our businesses, I think we
have done I would say reasonably well,
14% up in underlying profits. I guess
the drivers of growth are undeniable,
but on those uncertainties related to
Optus,
have you learned anything further about
the potential financial penalties that
might be imposed either on Singtel or on
Optus? And what sort of provisions might
you be making for that?
We Well, we of course will work very
closely with the authorities and the
government on that. I think it's too
early to discuss and and figure out what
the actual number is because there is
inquiries that are happening right now.
The independent panel is also doing its
work. So, it's a bit too premature to
talk about it. Nevertheless, based on
what we have done in the past, not just
for Optus, but across our businesses, if
ever we think that we, you know, there
is some certainty to the penalties and
to the to to other types of expenses
that related to the incident, we would
definitely take provisions and we have
been fairly conservative
on that front. So, so we have taken what
we we can and what we need to do at this
point in time.
And that was the Singtel Group CFO
Arthur Lang there speaking to us
earlier. We're be live from Singapore
next at the city host the Singapore
Fintech Week. Our interview with Stripe
is next. This is Bloomberg.
Singapore's 10th annual Fintech Festival
begins today bringing together
investors, regulators, and industry
leaders. Let's go there now live to our
Bloomberg Inside Anchor Haslinda Amin.
She's there and standing by with our
next guest. Has?
Hey Von, we're talking cryptocurrencies,
tokenization. We're also talking about
agentic commerce. Let's get perspective
Paul Harrop and head of APAC in Japan
and at payment processing company
Stripe. Good to have you with us. Thanks
Haslinda. Great to be here. Asia Pac
Asia Pac is key to your growth
strategy, but it is a very fragmented
market. If you take a look at Singapore
and Australia, they're big on digital
adoption. But when you when you talk
about Japan, it's still very
cash-driven. How is that shaping the
strategy in this part of the world?
Yeah. Well, we we look at it from a
position of how do we increase GDP of
the internet? And our real focus is is
helping merchants grow. So, how we look
at that across all these fragmented
markets is a is a part of where they are
in their journey. So, as you said, Japan
is very
cash-driven, but they have a big market
drive to digitize payments. Southeast
Asia, I think is one of the most
innovative
payment market in the world with
real-time payments coming through.
Stripe's infrastructure supports all of
those payment methods across the world.
And also enables themes that we're
seeing that are common across all of the
countries in Asia. Which is cross-border
trade,
agentic commerce, and we're seeing more
and more interest in stablecoin as well.
Stablecoin is huge. They say you can do
it 24/7. And it is a market worth
something like $4 trillion. But if you
take a look at a player like Ant, for
example, it's only doing about a
billion. Why is there no traction? Why
is there still no scale? Yeah. We we see
that it's still early days for the use
of stablecoin. But at Stripe, we are
seeing a lot of traction. So, we're
seeing hundred percentage points growth
in use of payments. We've enabled
payments within the Stripe
infrastructure.
>> right? It's from a low base, yes. But
it's growing exponentially. And so, we
our thesis over the next few years is
that stablecoin will underpin a number
of important trends. Agentic commerce
being one.
Organizations using stablecoin to manage
their own treasury around the world. And
then cross-border trade because
stablecoin, unlike you know, the the
telegram era Swift systems, is fast,
it's open, it's cost-effective
importantly, and it's programmable,
which means you can build the services
into the
services that you're offering, which
means things happen really really fast
and in a really relatively safe way as
well. So, is it cross-border that is
driving that growth? Or is it things
like remittances? I mean,
if you take 12 24 months down the road,
what are you looking at? It's a bit of
both. So, we've turned on payments. So,
Shopify, for example, which operates all
around the world and is a important
Stripe customer, we've worked with them
and they've turned on stablecoin as a
payment method. So, you can pay for the
stablecoin if you're in Australia or if
you're in Argentina for a product on on
their site. So, we're seeing strong
growth in that area. The other side is
remittance. So, for example, in the
creator economy, you have platforms
that are allowing people to create all
of this content and those content makers
are actually in 200 countries all around
the world because content is borderless.
But how does the content company who is
collecting the money pay out to a
creator say in Bhutan? Well,
they're starting to leverage stable coin
to do that much more effectively
and I have a customer for example that
is selling
cars from Japan, second-hand cars into
Africa and their biggest business
problem is that their users, their
customers have to bring bags of US
dollar cash with security guards with
machine guns and so we're solving that
problem with with stable coin. Paul,
where are the bottlenecks? How does Ant
get from 1 billion to more than 100?
Well, I think it there's a couple of
areas. So Stripe has
merged or bought a company called
Bridge. Bridge is enabling the
infrastructure for stable coin. You can
issue your own stable coin as a company.
We've also bought Privy which allows you
to build your own wallet.
And now we're building Tempo, 500
billion dollar
valued company which is layer one
blockchain. The problem we're solving
there is that the existing
chains are built really for
transactions, Bitcoin, Solana
transactions,
not trading transactions, not payment
transactions. So 50, 60,000 transactions
a second is not going to do it when
you're operating globally. We need
millions or tens of millions when
everyone's using
stable coin to do their payments. So
we're now building that as a separate
company which again will be open to any
company to to leverage and then when you
look at what we've announced with Open
AI, the agentic commerce protocol which
again is an open protocol that enables
agents and merchants to to leverage open
tokenization for global trade.
Stable coin will start to play an a
really important part in in that network
of agentic. You talked about how
cross-border is actually
driving that growth.
Given the US-China tensions, do you see
that impacting volumes in any way? We
haven't actually. We've seen that
all of our customers on the Stripe
network continue to grow. There may be
nuances to country relationships, but at
an aggregate level we're seeing the
overall business is grow and what I
found with merchants, particularly our
Asian merchants, is they're they're so
driven, there's so much activity to
succeed that you know, if one one path
isn't optimizing for them, they'll find
another one very quickly
and they can turn on a new country and
start trading within hours with Stripe
and so that's what we're seeing.
>> of growth are you anticipating, Paul? I
mean, if we take a look at growth in
Asia versus the US and Europe, where
where does the region stand? Well,
in our goal of growing the GDP of the
internet,
when Stripe started 14 years ago, APAC
represented 20% of global GDP. We now
represent 40% of global global GDP. We
have a vast majority of the world's
population
with Southeast Asia, India the highest
digitizing payments market in the world.
So the opportunity is huge and so what
we're seeing is that our merchants are
trading amongst each other more than 55%
of Stripe's business is cross-border
trade. In fact, in Singapore it's 65%
Singaporean companies cross-border trade
and that's not just within Asia, it's
globally. So we have companies like
Canva, Minimax, Manas AI here in
Singapore all expanding globally and
customers in many many countries.
In reverse, we're seeing a lot of our
global customers from America, be it
Shopify, Amazon, Microsoft, Salesforce
all trading into Asia across all of our
of our countries. What are the key
factors that will drive and shape
you know, how how business is done
digitally? Digitally. I think
simplicity.
So merchants want to grow.
We've we've seen that simplicity in the
financial global infrastructure is
really key. Company wants to go, how do
they do it? The old world it took a very
long time, very complex. You can now
switch on a country and start trading
within minutes. With Manas, we've just
announced with them they're leveraging
they're leveraging our agentic sandbox
and what that means is all from within
the Manas AI platform here in Singapore,
you can build a website, build your
commerce infrastructure, do all of your
testing of payments and when you're
ready to go into production, simply
finish your KYC authentication with
Stripe and you are in production taking
money right now. So the speed that
Stripe enables and the reliability. In
fact, yesterday was Singles Day.
I'm not single so I didn't participate.
And then we're coming into Black Friday
and Christmas, you see billions and
billions of dollars of trade. Stripe
runs at six nines availability. So we
work with the biggest, the Amazons, the
the Shopifys down to the smallest
companies during that trade period and a
lot of that is all cross-border growth.
It comes down to trust in the end. You
talk about agentic commerce, trust is
key to get both sides.
How are you addressing the issue? Well,
the way the way we're addressing is a
couple of ways. One, companies will
trust Stripe because you know, we're
we're we're trusted, we're reliable, the
world's biggest and smallest are using
Stripe. We've also
listened to our merchants about what
concerns them on agentic commerce and
part of it is
they want the customer relationship and
so as part of the ACP we built
the the agent makes the purchase. Think
of the agent as like a personal shopper.
But the ultimate purchase whilst
tokenized card, actually the information
passes through. So the merchant knows
that I'm buying, they know my address
cuz they're shipping the goods
and all of that is contemplated within
the ACP. So the trust remains because
the merchant feels comfortable that
maybe instead of a Google search click,
it's now coming from Open AI or Manas,
but they still know their customer. It's
just an optimized way of searching and
we've seen 1200% increase in agentic
commerce over the last few months.
Again, it's a small base and we're we're
just growing, but since we made that
announcement four weeks ago, the
interest across Asia and the world in
fact has been tremendous. So I can only
see agentic playing a huge part in our
future and I actually believe merchants
who aren't thinking about this will put
themselves behind because I believe this
is how we'll do commerce over the next
few years. Right. Paul, thank you so
much for that. Paul Harrapin of Stripe
and now handing back to you. Does seem
like agentic commerce is the buzzword
these days.
Yes, absolutely right and you can hear
that conference is sounding very busy
behind you as well. So enjoy the event,
but that was Paul Harrapin there of
Stripe and our Bloomberg Insight anchor
Haslinda Amin joining us and another big
interview actually coming up later with
Haslinda. That's with the Bank of Korea
governor speaking to us exclusively on
Bloomberg Television so you can catch
that conversation on Insight with Has
later this morning. We'll have more
ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
With deadly blasts in the capitals of
India and Pakistan are raising concern
of renewed tensions between the
nuclear-armed [music]
neighbors. A suicide bomber blew himself
up on Tuesday outside a crowded court
building in Islamabad and that follows
Monday's car explosion near New Delhi's
historic Red Fort. Let's bring in our
chief Asia correspondent Rosalind
Mathieson with the latest. Roz, I
believe this happened within 24 hours of
each other. Can you tell us what's the
latest now?
Well, that's right. So these two
incidents have happened quite close to
each other. We don't know if there's any
link between them, if there is a
connection, but obviously they've
happened, you know, in close proximity.
In India they're still investigating the
cause of this exploding vehicle.
Officials in India being very careful in
that regard. No no one seems to have
claimed responsibility. They're saying
they're investigating. Obviously the
anti-terror unit is involved. In
Pakistan you had a suicide bomber who
blew himself up outside this court in
Islamabad. Pakistan has come out very
quickly to point the finger at India,
but not presented any evidence for that
and of course that just raises tensions
between these two countries whether
these incidents are linked in some way,
what the causes were. Regardless of
that, it comes just months after we saw
those very direct clashes between India
and Pakistan, military clashes and
that's very much front of mind and
obviously the desire would be on the
part of other countries including the US
to ensure this does not lead to a
resumption in anything like that, but
you know, Pakistan's rhetoric overnight
accusing India, that may lead India to
feel they've got to again give some kind
of response and within India perhaps
some political pressure to take a
stronger line.
Yes, you said that that military clash
earlier this year was actually only in
May, right? So so it's certainly very
fresh memory for both sides and raising
that risk again that we see further
violence as you said. So you mentioned
the US, what's the the odds of them
getting more directly involved in this?
Well, Donald Trump, the US president got
very directly involved in to him at
least in the in that episode of violence
back in May and claimed that he had he'd
worked very directly to get that
ceasefire between India and Pakistan. In
fact, Donald Trump claiming that really
upset our relations separately between
the US and India. But Donald Trump will
have a keen interest as a result in
what's going on with these latest
developments. Perhaps his personal
prestige in wanting to ensure that
there's no resumption of direct military
tensions between India and Pakistan. So
certainly be interesting to see if the
US starts to insert itself again. On the
other side of the coin, of course,
there's also China. And China has
supported Pakistan with, you know,
supplying them with military equipment
in the past. Does China have an interest
here? And if so, what are they saying
about it? So seeing those two great
powers and what they may want to do or
say with all of this. But really the
sense will probably be that no one
really sees it in their best interest to
have a resumption of direct military
tensions between these two countries.
Rose, thanks very much for sharing the
latest on that situation with us. That
was our chief Asia correspondent Rose
Matheson there in Singapore. And here
are some of the other stories that we're
tracking this morning. Well, France is
urging Europe to reduce its dependency
on China in key industries, including
rare earths and other critical
materials. Last month, President
Emmanuel Macron called on his EU
counterparts to consider using the
bloc's most powerful trade tool against
China. That's the so-called
anti-coercion instrument. The French
European Affairs Minister, Benjamin
Haddad or Haddad, rather, also told us
the continent's leaders must have the
ability to defend their interests.
We have trade relations with China and
it's important, but we should also be
able to safeguard our own interest and
protect our key strategic industries.
This is why the European Commission last
year adopted tariffs against electric
[music] vehicles coming from China that
were heavily subsidized. This is why the
Commission also is proposing a safeguard
clause on steel to protect our steel
industry. When you have [music]
overcapacities are coming to destabilize
our markets and our companies in the
European market.
China's cybersecurity agency has accused
the US government of stealing 13 billion
dollars worth of Bitcoin. The theft in
2020 was one of the largest crypto
heists in history. In a report last
week, the Chinese agency says it was
probably a state-level hacker operation
led by the US. Washington has said the
tokens [music] are associated with
Cambodian businessman, that's Chan Gee,
whom the US has charged with wire fraud
and money laundering.
All right, switching gears now, talk a
little bit more about earnings. And
we're checking, of course, Chinese lidar
maker Hesai Technology after announcing
building its first overseas factory in
Thailand. On our shows just in the
previous hour, co-founder and CEO David
Li told us that exclusively, the company
expects to ship 600,000 units in the
next quarter alone. The company had
already forecast a jump in net revenue
for the fourth quarter of between 39%
and 67%.
Last time
we left at the statement that
the new factory in Southeast Asia will
be starting to operate by late 2026,
early 2027 from a country with great
food. I feel like I have to be a little
more specific about it. So
So now I can comfortably tell you it's a
country with great Tom Yum soup.
Hopefully that's sufficient. Yes,
it's in Bangkok.
>> [laughter]
>> You know, I'm so glad that I was show
our faces. Well, they didn't show our
faces firstly, but secondly, you're
obviously more au fait with different
Asian cuisines because he said Tom Yum
and I was just thinking
Selby's like It's Asian and I've you've
got me at Asian.
>> [laughter]
>> It's okay. I got your back. I'm always
good with the Southeast Asian cuisine.
But yes, I certainly it's interesting
Thailand that they chose that location,
right? We were talking about in the
break that, you know, you were thinking
maybe it could have been in somewhere in
Europe.
>> Well, I was thinking Europe just because
of course Hesai has some very large
European manufacturing partners. And so
I was thinking, you know, you've seen,
for instance, a lot of Chinese companies
like BYD, for instance, that are moving
to the likes of Hungary and that sort of
building up their production facilities
in in Western Europe that's a bit
cheaper. But I think Southeast Asia of
course it makes sense. It's a major
vehicle manufacturing hub as well. Uh
cheaper labor costs, although I think
it's interesting to note. I've spoken
with David Li about this in the past,
you know, that their their factories are
so automated that there's basically
skeleton staff. It's a lot of robotics
on those production lines.
>> Yeah. Less humans, more humanoid robots
>> [laughter]
>> really as well. In terms of markets,
we've got plenty of earnings to tell you
about. SG&A, Samsung Electronics
reporting results a little later on here
as well. And [music] take a look at the
HSI. We're still off session highs, but
we're up about 9/10 of 1%. That's it for
us in the China show. Insight with
Haslinda Amin is next. Stay with us.